HighAffinity
You know, some people say raising a garden is similar to making friends. You need to tend to them, nurture them, cover them with manure... It worked with you, didn't it?
If I knew you were going to come talk to me today, I would have made you a bouqet. Try giving me a warning next time?
I still can't believe I got a friend like you. And I didn't even need to bring you home-grown flowers or a fruit basket or anything!
MidAffinity
Did you know that talking to plants helps them grow faster? At least, that's what people say. Personally, I just think they make good company.
Hello there. Here to exchange planting schedule plans? I'm not sure what to plant after potatoes next month...
Ah, you came by just a minute too late. I was enjoying some fresh carrots before you arrived. Well, there'll be more in around 60 days.
LowAffinity
Oh, you're still here? I called pest control hours ago.
You know, I've learned a lot about weeding over the years. You REALLY need to make them feel unwelcome for them to go away. Reminds me of someone I know.
Some people really aren't worth the grass they trample on, huh? Not talking about anyone in particular, or anything like that.
HighEnergy
I'm on a ROLL today! Did you see how many pumpkins I lugged around? I barely even broke a sweat.
I feel like someone poured fertilizer on me while I slept: full of energy and growth. And maybe in need of a shower.
Maybe all this physical work and sweat in the heat is starting to pay off. I have more energy than I know what to do with!
MidEnergy
Hello there. I'm a bit parched, wish someone would water me... No, no that would be weird. Please don't do that.
On a scale from fruit to vegetable... My energy would be best represented as a tomato.
I've done more growing than a good deal of plants I know today. Besides Mrs. Sunflower, she is just killing it lately.
LowEnergy
I'm trying to do that... that thing where plants convert stuff to fuel... 
If only there was some shady tree to nap under...
I'm too weak to even move a muscle... Is this how flowers feel..? No, flowers are too strong...
HappyMood
Did you know plants have some sense of emotions too? It made me want to try a more positive attitude today.
All the flowers seemed so happy to see me today, I thought it would be a shame to not share in their mirth a bit.
I am feeling positively radiant today! No wonder the plants loved seeing me. Well, maybe the fertilizer helped a bit.
SadMood
Feeling droopy... Not enough sunshine in my life right now.
*sniff* Maybe I can at least water Mrs. Sunflower with these tears... No... No, too salty for her.
I'm so sorry Daisy... I didn't mean to step on your leaf...
AngryMood
Out of my way, lest you incur the wrath of Mother Nature! We're tight like that!
Oh you do NOT want to talk to me right now... Some moron walked their dog right through the petunias today. I don't want to talk about it.
No, I will NOT get over it. I have the stubborness of an oak tree, the thorns of a rose... And the bees are on my side too!
ExcitedMood
The next season will bring so many opportunities for garden composition with it... I can't stop thinking of how nicely the tomatoes and avocado will complement each other!
I've been thinking of a new idea for flower cross pollination... Wouldn't it be amazing to see a garden with NATURAL GREEN ROSES?!
Mrs. Sunflower has shown remarkable growth today. I'm going to be getting drinks with her tonight to celebrate, care to join?
ScaredMood
It's been so long since it rained... I know Mrs. Sunflower can't take this dry air much longer!
Someone's trying to destroy all my hard work, I just KNOW it. Why else would Petunia be wilting like that today?
Whoever this veggie thief is, I hope they don't mess with the new buds... They can't afford to lose what little they have.
BusyState
Watch if you need to, but don't interrupt my shoveling again.
Still working. These saplings need my undivided attention.
Can't you see I'm working? Sorry, Mrs. Sunflower. Now where were we?
HurtReactions
I'll bury you in the composter!
I'll make sure you NEVER get fresh produce again!
I'm warning you, don't mess with the one in charge of the food!
LikedGifts
Oh, wow this is incredible! I can't wait to show Mrs. Sunflower, she's going to love this!
This is so thoughtful... You're an amazing listener, you know that? You remind me of a plant I know!
What a lovely gift... Remind me to bring you some flowers next time we meet!
MiddleGifts
It's so nice of you to bring me a gift like this! I'm glad you can appreciate the time I spend working to brighten the plant life of this village. 
I wasn't expecting you to give me anything today. I feel good enough to bloom, thank you!
Aw, that's nice of you. I appreciate you thinking of me... and might give you first pick of this week's harvest.
DislikedGifts
At least it might compost well.
Well now... This is just rude. I don't need your trash dirtying up my day, I need to spend enough time cleaning the garden already,
Are you not satisfied with how the flowers are looking today? They're not a fan of how YOU look either.
Coworker
 is so sweet to all the little saplings... I heard them telling them stories the other day! Just the cutest.
 and I had the loveliest picnic the other day, right by the new blooms! You should join us next time.
 has to be my soulmate... It's like our roots are entangled. No, wait, not like that!
HurtCoworker
 talks too, you know. You can't hide from me, you weed. I wouldn't go to the garden at night, if I were you.
 is a beautiful lily of a person. Not that you'd know that, pest.
 told me there was a serious littering problem but... I didn't expect trash to just start talking to me like this.