HighAffinity
I think a LOT of customers could learn a thing or two from you, especially about treating workers like... People.
You know, just seeing you drop by the store always puts a smile on my face. A real one! Not a please-don't-talk-to-me one.
You're really polite, you know that? You could definitely get hired at one of those "we're like a family" places. But uh, don't.
MidAffinity
Honestly? I think you're pretty cool. You seem nice, and you always refold clothes once you're done looking at them.
Hey, I actually look forward to talking with you like this a good deal. It's really helpful for unwinding at the end of a crazy shift.
Always nice to see you so energetic. I like getting to help people and see them living their best lives like that.
LowAffinity
Sorry, do you need a manager? Maybe you can treat them with basic respect.
Look... You need to work on your human interaction skills, ok? Mostly the part where you aren't a huge jerk to people.
I actually cringe everytime I see you show up when it's my shift. Like, oh, guess I have to deal with this guy now. Super. But I mean, maybe you can learn?
HighEnergy
Wow, I'm on fire today! I got to help a lot of people find what they were looking for, take inventory, greet some customers... And I'm still full of energy.
Usually by this point I'm starting to get a bit drowsy but... I'm actually looking forward to helping people next shift.
I bet you've never seen a customer service worker THIS awake, huh?
MidEnergy
Up again for the daily grind. It's not so bad this time around though, I can still walk at least.
I love this part of the day, where I get to unwind a bit and relax without being exhausted. The good part about running around so much on the job is that it makes great exercise!
I almost had enough energy to fill in for my coworker when they dipped last shift. Almost.
LowEnergy
Oh, I DEFINITELY need a break from being on my feet all day... Go talk to someone else.
Shift over... No energy... Bye...
...Ask someone else for help... I'm on break...
HappyMood
It's actually pretty beautiful out today, right? I love getting to watch the day go by, even if it's just from a window sometimes.
Deep down, most of us are actually pretty good people. When you come at folks with a positive attitude hard enough, they usually do the same for you.
Things are running pretty smoothly today, all things considered. I feel pretty fulfilled honestly, I may complain a lot but I do love getting to work with people so much.
SadMood
Can't talk right now, too emotionally barren...
Feeling like no one really treats me like a person... More like an emotional punching bag. Go away, please.
What a day... Wish I could call in sick for tomorrow.
AngryMood
Some people... Who came up with that "customer is always right" thing? They're probably in the ground right? But we still need to deal with the legacy, of course.
I just... How on Earth is it MY fault that YOUR day was bad? Not you, just in a mood, go somewhere else. 
The amount of physical and emotional labor this job takes sometimes... AGH! How is it so hard for some people to be respectful?!
ExcitedMood
I feel motivated, like yeah! I bet I could clean up, open, restock, close down for the day...
I met the cutest little kid earlier. She had one of those mini carts, she said she wanted to grow up just like me! I guess I am making a difference.
There are some perks to having a "fast-paced job" you know. When you're emotionally restless like I am today, there's never a lack of things to do.
ScaredMood
Maybe I shouldn't have told that guy off earlier... If he actually filed a complaint about me then...
There were less shoppers than usual recently... This place isn't going out of business is it?
I'm a bit worried about how stable this place is going to be with the increased cost of goods lately...
BusyState
Can I help you? Oh, I'm working right now, can't talk!
My boss would fire me if she saw me talking to you on the clock! Have a nice day!
Hello! I'm at work right now! I can't express emotions~
HurtReactions
I hope your card gets DECLINED next time you try to check out!
You know what? I'm not going to apply the next discount to you!
Why don't you apply for a job with our store, get put on stocking, and get CRUSHED BY A BOX.
LikedGifts
Oh, I saw this earlier! When I was stocking shelves, I almost wanted to take one home with me... But I didn't! I'm a good employee, ahaha...
Oh my gosh. I totally have to let you in early whenever you want to skip lines! ...But don't tell anyone.
I've never seen anything this cool... And I've seen a LOT of different products. You're seriously the best!
MiddleGifts
Wow I... I wasn't expecting someone would be bringing ME something. It's a nice change of pace, thank you!
Is that gift for me..? Wait, I totally wrapped this up for you earlier! Haha, you sly dog!
I really appreciate you thinking of me so much, did I leave that much of an impression last time I showed you the electronics aisle?
DislikedGifts
Oh, are you trying to make a return? Sorry, we don't produce anything of THAT quality.
Did you need assistance finding one of the rubbish bins conveniently located throughout the store?
Yeah... Yeah I don't think that represents our company values.
Coworker
 is so organized and clean all the time! They're usually first to fix things up after a rambunctious customer moves everything around.
 has WAY more patience than me when it comes to nasty people. It's no wonder they've been working here so long...
 absolutely ROCKS! I definitely owe them a few extra shifts at this point...
HurtCoworker
 has to go through SO MUCH already, just working here! Are you crazy?!
 didn't do a thing to you! And you come back the next day, asking me for help finding the dairy section?
's enemy is MINE. People in this kind of job have to stay together... Against people like YOU.