HighAffinity
No matter how much time I spend staring at a screen each day, I know I'll get to see your face at the end and my eyes will be refreshed. Thank you for that.
Are you a fan of computers? I found them easy to understand, after I got used to them. A bit like how I got to know you!
I don't really understand what drew you to me, but I'm not complaining. I love my job, but I was looking for something to break up its monotony when you met me.
MidAffinity
Hey, how's it going? Taking breaks to stretch and keeping your typing posture up? Too many people neglect that care until it comes back to bite them.
Make sure when you're looking at a screen, the room you're in isn't too dark. That's a surefire way to mess up your eyesight for years to come.
Did you know some devices let you install trackers that monitor the time you spend using them each day? I got one on my phone and... It's not so pretty.
LowAffinity
If you're talking to me, you must need something. Well, for the record, I don't know how to  fix your printer and don't care enough to learn.
Look, sometimes two devices just, aren't compatible. Can't understand each other or communicate in any meaningful way. Do you get what I'm saying?
I'm not sure I like these chats much. It feels more like you're pretending to be a tech podcast host or something, but don't care to learn about me as a person.
HighEnergy
Turning off the computer and winding down with a book before bed really helped. I'm just full of energy today!
Hey there. I feel more motivated than usual today, like I can finally understand how to get around all the roadblocks for my work.
I'm feeling pretty active today actually. It's important to get some amount of exercise in each day, especially when your job isn't very physical!
MidEnergy
Ugh, my hands are sore from all the typing lately... It's a touch draining honestly. Maybe I should look to getting a brace?
Nothing like sitting at a computer for hours on end to wear you out a bit. At least I can feel satisfied I got a lot done!
Hello there. Care to grab some coffee with me? No, actually, I need to learn to stay away from that stuff. It's too overplayed for tech workers like me.
LowEnergy
I have the WORST migraine right now... Please keep it down.
Strained my eyes earlier, give me a chance to rest...
Hey, I know you want to talk, but I need to recharge my batteries for a bit. Come by later.
HappyMood
Feeling pretty happy today, I recently managed to fix an issue that's been sitting there unsolved for MONTHS. Pretty cool, right?
I don't think I could feel much better today. Really, things are just going well. I almost expected something at work to crash and burn to spite that...
It's hard to tell when you're constantly online but... There really is a lot of good out there. I like getting to take the time to admire it like this.
SadMood
Seriously messed up with the version control system the other day... I don't want to talk about it.
I still can't believe I pushed something so stupid... How am I going to work out the bugs in time?
Leave me  alone for a bit... I seriously just need to be alone. Text if it's really important.
AngryMood
Back off for a bit. I'm really not in the mood right now, too much junk to figure out if we want to release on time.
Seriously, leave me alone. I'm not going to fix your smart fridge, or whatever's acting up!
I'm in a MOOD. Mind going away so I can get back to thinking about how much I HATE MY JOB SOMETIMES?!
ExcitedMood
I'm just so excited today! Everything feels like it's looking up, we might actually get to release our new project early.
"Tough, but rewarding" summarizes a lot of my career history pretty well, and it looks like I'm getting to the more rewarding part soon. I can't wait!
Don't you just feel... ambitious, today? Like, I feel like I could do anything. Maybe even ask for feedback on the latest push I made to our project.
ScaredMood
The whole project's up in flames again... How are we going to get this worked out..? We don't have NEARLY enough time to work out the bugs.
I can't believe I didn't notice all that unaddressed opportunity for failure... There's no way we'll get approved at this rate.
I'm more than a little bit anxious about work right now. I really need you to leave me alone to think on how to get things fixed in time!
BusyState
Working, I can't stop now or I'll forget what I was doing.
Trying to track down a particularly nasty bug, wait until I'm off work.
I can't talk, or I'll lose focus again. Back off for a bit!
HurtReactions
I'm still never going  to fix your printer!
It's not a good idea to mess with someone that has my technical skillset!
I'll uh... I'll hack your car if you don't stop! I can do that!
LikedGifts
You... Really care about me this much? I mean, all I do is stare at a screen all day, and you still take the time to give me something this AMAZING?
This is... This is really thoughtful. I didn't think you noticed me all that much compared to some of the more exciting people that work in this little village... Thank you!
This is so quirky and modern... I love it! You try to keep up with all the latest trends, huh?
MiddleGifts
What a nice surprise! I've been feeling a bit underappreciated at work lately, this really picked up my spirits.
Hey, this is kind of cute! Nicer still that you even took thte time to think of a relatively boring person  like me at all.
That's pretty nice of you! I'm definitely putting this on my desk.
DislikedGifts
Are you trying to mess with me? Do you just like provoking me because it's funny to "bully the nerd" or something?
Yeah... I kind of understand how you can hate something enough to grab a truckload and bury it all in the desert now.
This one really isn't your best work. Kind of a flop honestly, I'd give it... 2.3/10?
Coworker
 is a total beast with all things electronic. I'm starting to think they might be a robot.
 somehow always manages to find completely unheard of bugs whenever they try testing...
 has to be one of the craziest people I know! Who even uses a vertical external monitor?
HurtCoworker
 mentioned you the other day, yeah. I can tell you there's absolutely no way you'll end up in this industry.
 isn't a stranger to me, I can always count on them to listen when I'm trying to find a bug... A bug you're no better than after what you did.
 and I talk all the time. I mean, I look at their code nearly every day! What made you think you and I could be friends after how you treated them?