HighAffinity
I think I'm starting to like you. That doesn't happen often, so rest assured you're something REALLY special.
Following you? Don't be ridiculous! I just... I just have a tendency to gravitate towards intelligent conversation partners. Think nothing of it!
You just can't get enough of me, can you? Well I'm not going to tell you off. Talk as much as you want, I have grown to enjoy your company.
Ah, just the person I wanted to talk to! So, how has your day been? You certainly brightened mine.
It's you again! To what do I owe the pleasure? You do know you're the second most interesting person this place has to offer?
I'm not sure how to say this but... You really are an interesting person, do you know that? Most people can't keep up with my greatness. Perhaps this is your real full-time job.
It's always so refreshing to talk to you... It feels like I finally found the person who understands and admires my greatness! Well, I think you're great too!
MidAffinity
Ah, what was your name again? ...Well that's just stupid. I'm not going to call you that. Come up with something better.
I feel as though I'm just getting to know you. Compared to others I've met you are somewhat... Hard to read. Well, it's a challenge I feel confident I can take on.
Are you planning to just stand there like that all day? I mean, I know I'm stunning, but it is rude to stare. Don't worry, I won't hold it against you too much.
Aw, did you miss me? You hardly even KNOW me, silly. My power really is that intense. I'll need to work on reigning it in a bit.
Well, there are certainly worse ways I could spend my time than with you. Do try to keep this conversation entertaining at least, though? I tend to bore easily.
Back for more? You hardly need to explain, I do have that effect on people. Well, go on if being in my presence amazes you so.
Well, if it isn't the fourth least annoying person in town! Well, I'm all ears. Tell me about your latest little antics, but spare some of the less interesting details.
LowAffinity
What do you want from me, worm? You should realize I have better ways to spend my time than wasting it with you.
So you think you can just walk up and talk to me, hm? Rookie mistake.
You must have a death wish to keep bugging me. Do you really have NOTHING better to do with your miserable life?
For someone who I don't even know the name of, you certainly are persistent in irritating me.
Hm. Sometimes I wonder what it is I did to make you pester me so. Can you give me any clues?
Say, you must be somewhat aware that I hate you by this point, right? So why do you keep trying to start a conversation?
Ugh, it's you. Can you at least try to keep it brief? I'm not your biggest fan, if you couldn't tell.
HighEnergy
Awake, recharged, and ready to be amazing once again! I'm simply brimming with energy today! Don't try to keep up, it's a bit outside your capabilities.
I believe I have outdone myself ! It's been a while since I've had this much energy... I grow stronger by the day. Be very concerned.
Taking a break to talk already? Not me! I just can't stop getting things done! I need somewhere to put all this excess energy.
I've noticed you watching me work for quite a while now. Go on and be impressed. I have PLENTY more energy left for the day.
You aren't taking my productivity as an excuse to slack off, are you? I guess it doesn't matter. I feel energized enough to take on both of our work!
Why don't you just take a break? I have EVERYTHING under control for the village today. Seriously, I have more energy than I know what to do with.
Oh, you're done working for the day, huh? Enjoy your time off slacker, I'm just getting started!
MidEnergy
Hm... I'm not sure I like this sort of "middling" energy. Not tired enough to sleep or energized enough to do something else... Not that you'd understand.
Not quite "ready to take on the day", but I still have a good deal of energy to spare. Looks like my work for the day's not over yet!
Already, I can feel my energy starting to disipate... That's not how you spell dissipate? Didn't I just SAY I was tired? Leave me alone.
Ah, nothing's more satisfying than doing good work and still having energy to spare! A lesser person would crumble if they had my schedule!
Here to talk? Well, I could use something to bring a bit of energy back to my day. Shoot.
As far as I'm concerned, the day's been long, but the night's still young. Don't expect me to turn in anytime soon!
Once again, I find myself a touch bored... There simply is no one to talk to that can pick my energy back up to its heights.
LowEnergy
Being so perfect is just exhausting... But it's honest work I wouldn't dream of stopping.
Ahhhhhh, so tired....  You're not expecting me to use my little remaining energy to talk to you, are you?
I'm in dire need of a break... I may be incredible, but even I don't have enough energy for the rest of today.
You would not BELIEVE how exhausted I am... Really, you wouldn't. Actually, I don't believe you've worked a day in your life.
Oh, were you talking to me? I'm a bit too exhausted to care at the moment. Why don't you let me rest a bit, hm?
I think I can see dark circles starting to form under my eyes.... That won't do. I'm going to need to catch up on my beauty sleep.  Not that I need to look more beautiful.
How on Earth are you still full of energy..? Ah right, you're unemployed. You'll understand what I mean eventually.
HappyMood
Alright, I'm feeling generous. Talk as much as you like.
Well, hello. I bet you're not feeling as good as I am today.
Everything is going right today! My hard work is finally paying off.
The sun smiles on me again today! Truly, I am the greatest, and the universe must let me know it.
What's up? Decided to share in my good spirits? Well feel free, I have plenty to spare today!
You're funny, did you know that? Or maybe I'm just in a good mood. Either way, it's interesting talking to you today. Do continue.
Did you come over to talk because of how happy I look? I'm not sure if it will rub off on you, emotions don't always work like that. But feel free to keep trying, I enjoy our chats.
SadMood
I'm really not in the mood right now... Go and ignore me like everyone else.
How could a sadness so profound befall me of all people? Tis the curse of not leaving enough natural talent for the rest of humanity...
You want to help me feel better..? No, leave me alone to brood! You just wouldn't understand...
How long must I endure such anguish?!  It's as if a cloud has engulfed the sunlit paradise of my soul... Ah, just go away!
It's simply not natural for someone as amazing as me to feel so low... You shouldn't have to see me in this state. Go. NOW!
Not even your antics can bring my broken heart mirth right now... Just get lost for a bit, ok?
Can't you see I'm trying to MOURN? Leave me alone!
AngryMood
No, I DON'T want to talk. Can't you see I'm simply boiling over with rage?! Leave before you get burned.
I've had ENOUGH of you. Not you specifically, just... ALL OF IT!! Allow me some peace from the constant chatter while I collect myself! 
How about you go talk to someone else? I could not be more clearly annoyed, I have no clue why you're even talking to me.
...Ah you still haven't noticed. I'm not in the calmest mood right now. I don't think you'd like to be around when I explode, so how abuot you run off?
A mind, once calm and clear, has been overrun with a rage that  threatens to overtake my very being! I simply can't ignore it any longer, I must SCREAM!!
Leave. Me. ALONE!! I can't take the sound of your stupid voice anymore!!
Yeah I'm not in the "mood" to chat right now. Go talk to one of your other friends, preferably one with more patience than me.
ExcitedMood
Today, I am rejuvenated, reborn, and filled with excitement! I feel the world itself spurring me on towards eternal glory!
You caught me in a very good mood, lucky you! If you're really lucky, maybe you'll be similarly blessed with such feelings.
I'm just full of excitement today! Well, I've certainly earned it! Who else could do as much as me?
Another beautiful day... It just fills me with excitement! The people in this village... not so much.
You picked a good time to talk! I'm just thinking about the future and all the things I'm going to do... Ah, I'm sure you'll do other, less interesting things too.
Oh, I just can't wait! ...For what? Don't worry, you wouldn't get it. Just know that good things are coming.
Nothing could put a damper on my emotions today... I won't let it! Things simply couldn't be more perfect for me!
ScaredMood
GAH!! Don't sneak up on me like that!
I can't help but feel a sense of unease... You wouldn't let anything bad happen to me, would you?
Everything's out to get me today... You wouldn't happen to be behind this, would you?
What, you think I'm paranoid? YOU'RE the paranoid one! Do something useful, like protecting me!
Do you HAVE to be so sneaky all the time? I could have hurt you!
Everyone's talking about me again... Not in a good light either. I feel so on edge...
I seem to be missing my signature courage and charisma today... Why don't you leave me alone for a bit?
BusyState
I'm busy, bug me later.
Can't you see I'm busy?
I know I'm a great conversation partner, but  I am WORKING. Another time.
Seriously, go do something else! Do you really need my attention this badly?
Are you actively trying to stop me from doing my job? This place would fall apart without me!
You are REALLY starting to get on my nerves. I don't think you understand just how important my work is.
Oh, do you have trouble understanding me? I'll put this in simpler terms. Go. Away.
HurtReactions
WHAT IS YOUR PROBLEM??
Oh, you are going to REGRET that.
You have made a VERY dangerous enemy!
You really think you can just hit me like that?!
You better watch yourself!
Alright, that's it! I'm going to RUIN you... Someday.
I'd sleep with an eye open tonight... Scum.
LikedGifts
How did you even get your hands on something this GOOD?! And you're sure you want to give it to me..? I won't forget this, thank you!
You're just full of surprises, aren't you? I didn't expect anyone would give me something so thoughtful, thank you.
You have wonderful taste, choosing to give this to me above anyone else! Well, I won't forget your generosity anytime soon.
Well, isn't this unexpected? To think someone else understood my tastes so perfectly... 
How can I ever repay you for something this incredible..? That's not fair at all, you're supposed to be the one indebted to me!
This is... not bad. You have a real talent for finding interesting things, don't you? Well, do keep bringing me more!
Alright, you have my attention. How did you know I liked gifts like this so much?
MiddleGifts
Wow, it's... I have no clue what this is. I can hold onto it for now, I suppose.
Well,  it's the thought that counts. Thanks, I suppose.
Hm... Yeah, I'll take it. It's a kind gesture, though I don't quite understand why you gave it to me.
Ah, a gift. Not the best one I've received, but still alright. Thanks.
You'll need something a bit better than this to win me over, sorry. But it's cute enough to hang onto.
What an unremarkable gift... Well at least you're trying. This must be very new to you.
Oh, did this make you think of me? I can't see the similarity, but at least you're thinking of me.
DislikedGifts
Oh wow... You really suck at this gift giving thing, huh?
Try again. Or don't, actually, I don't want your junk.
Did you mistake me for a trash can or something? Don't EVER waste my time with something like this again.
Are you trying to start something? Because I don't think you want to start something with me.
Not interested. REALLY not interested. Keep that kind of stuff to yourself.
Can I ask you something? Why on EARTH would you give me something so horriffic?!
I don't know how you even got the idea that I'm into this kind of thing. I'll ignore it for now, but don't let it happen again.
Coworker
 pulls their weight. I ALWAYS pull above my weight. That's what separates the thinkers from the achievers.
 is actually good enough at what they do. I mean, you HAVE to be when you work with me, right?
 and I have a long, storied history... No we don't, I barely even know them! I don't even know if I got their name right!
 seems like they have trouble keeping up with this job's many demands sometimes. I wonder if you would be a better fit..? No, maybe not.
! Couldn't ask for someone closer to myself! About the second closest you can get to perfection in an employee.
 has never shown up late before. I'd know, because I haven't either, of course.
 seems like they'd be right up your alley. But don't go trying to steal  them away, they're still company property!
HurtCoworker
's worth more than you'll ever be, just in case you didn't know already.
 told me there was a serious littering problem but... I didn't expect trash to just start talking to me like this.
 and I talk. We talk a lot. I don't know what your problem is, and neither of us care to find out. So get lost.
 isn't fond of you, and honestly? I'm not either, especially after hearing the way you hit them.
 had a lot to say about you. And I don't blame them either. Don't waste my or their time ever again.
 isn't as incredible as me and I won't pretend they are. But at least they're not a waste of breath like you, monster.
 and I go way back... Farther back than you and me. You better watch yourself.