HighAffinity
I really feel like I can be myself around you, did you know that? My life has been so much happier since you entered it.
I really love our talks! They're easily my favorite part of the day. So please keep talking as much as you like!
No matter how rotten a day is, I know I always get to see you at some point within it. Since I started thinking like that, I haven't had rotten days.
Stopping by to check on me? Oh, you are just the sweetest! What did I do to get a friend like you?
Oh, I was hoping that I'd get to talk more with you today! What crazy stories do you have for me this time?
You know, I really do never get bored of this. You're just so refreshing to be around!
I still remember when we first met... You were so strange to me! It's not often I get to talk to people from outside the village. But I'm so glad I at least met you!
MidAffinity
Is something on your mind? I'm always here to listen, whenever you need it!
Hello there! I hope the day has been treating you well.
I'm so glad I have this chance to get to know you better! So, what's your favorite food? Show? Movie?
Oh wow, I love your energy! It's such an infectuous optimism... Let's make the most of  today!
A bit cliche but... can you believe this weather? It's just gorgeous today! The sun, the breeze... It's amazing!
Hey, we should definitely try to do something together sometime... Maybe a picnic! Or a concert! Whatever you're into!
I'm honored you want to talk to me! I mean, coming all this way just to see me? You're so sweet!
LowAffinity
I believe we may have gotten off on the wrong foot. But I want to fix that, as long as you're willing.
Nice uh... Nice weather we're having, huh?
So... What brings you here? I didn't think you'd want to talk to me,  if I'm being honest.
How long are you planning to stay in our fine village? Oh, no I'm not trying to rush you out! Don't be silly!
You're not really the friendly type, are you? Not that that's bad or anything! Just uh, different!
You know, sometimes two people are both great! And you'd think they'd get along, but they really don't! Isn't that weird?
Hm... I can't help but feel like you don't really understand me sometimes... Maybe we just need to talk more?
HighEnergy
Oh, I am pumped and READY for whatever today throws at me! It's going to be great!
Good day to you! I've got soooo much energy today but no idea what to do... Any ideas?
Today is really treating me well, wide awake and I didn't need coffee! I must have slept extra well last night!
You aren't  getting tired already, are you? I just can't believe how alive I feel today... This is the best!
Something special must be up today... I haven't felt this awake in days!
Oh, I was hoping you'd come talk to me! I need to talk right now, before my energy makes me explode!
Oh I am just RESTLESS today! Come be restless and pace around with me!
MidEnergy
I'm reaching that perfect part of the day where I'm not too energetic or too tired. Perfect time to relax and chat a bit with you!
You hanging in there? I think we've both been busy enough today to earn a bit of a break!
Hasn't today just been wonderful? Perfect pace, I felt busy enough to keep from getting bored, but not so busy to end up exhausted!
Great getting to talk to you so casually like this. We're both a little bit too tired to keep up formalities! So just take it easy for a bit, ok?
So, how has the day been treating you so far? I feel like I've gotten a decent amount done, so no complaints!
You look like you still have some energy to spare for today. Well, you're not alone! Let's hang for a bit.
I don't quite want to work out, but I'm kind of feelinga light stroll. How about you?
LowEnergy
...Is that you? I can hardly keep my eyes open...
I could go for a nap... But I don't want to mess up my sleep schedule... Too many decisions...
I wish I could talk but... I'm just too tired. Another time.
This day's been a real doozy... I'll tell you about it when I'm less exhausted.
I don't feel like talking but... care to lay down and relax in silence?
At least I know I'll sleep well tonight...
 I never get THIS drowsy so early! There's a whole day to enjoy...
HappyMood
Something about today feels extra special! No clue what it is, but I feel happier than usual all the same!
I do love getting to see you on such a lovely day!  Care to stick around and enjoy it for a bit?
I swear, nothing can bring me down today! I mean. I'm an optimist by nature, but this feeling is just amazing!
How goes it? I'm doing quite well today, just waiting for the chance to catch up with you a bit!
Come over and talk a bit longer! Please? I 'd like to spread the good vibes!
Everything seems to be looking up right now. Things really do tend to work out in the end, huh?
You know, days this peaceful are meant to be cherished. Try not to forget this, I know I never will.
SadMood
...Hey, would you mind leaving me alone for a bit? I just need to be miserable by myself for a few.
Don't mind me, oh no... Just going to go dig a hole and lay in it... Alone...
I have a pretty bad case of the blues today... I'd really rather not talk about it. Can you talk to someone else please?
I can't believe I said that to all of them... They must hate me now...
Please just ignore me... I don't want to be perceived for the time being.
Not really in the mood right now, though I appreciate the check in. Thank you, but please go somewhere else.
How on Earth is this going to work out...?
AngryMood
Well! I'm an optimist by nature, but I am just FILLED with the need to destroy something right now! Stand back!
I am really, REALLY mad right now! I know, I'm surprised too! But you better leave me alone for a bit!
This is the WORST!! Oh I HATE when I can't control myself like this... LEAVE ME ALONE please!!
Fair warning! I am incredibly ticked off right now! I would not want to talk to me right now. Please leave me be!
UGH I just.... I NEED to be alone!! Please! I don't want to say something rude to you!
I don't WANT to blow up at you! But I might if you keep trying to talk to me! For once, I need to be alone!
Don't talk to me please, I really don't have the patience right now! I just need to cool off...
ExcitedMood
Today's been so great so far, I just can't stop thinking about how tomorrow's going to be!
Aren't you just so EXCITED to have a whole new day to enjoy? No matter what inconveniences life throws at us, at least we have that!
Oh, howdy! I've been looking forward to chatting with you again all day! So, what's new?
I don't think I could get much more excited! Something about today just has me optimistic for things to come...
Isn't today just the BEST?! It's just getting better and better! And now I get to talk to you too? What will happen next?!
You want to talk to ME?! Well I'm just honored! I just can't wait to hear what you have to tell me!
Oooh, do you have any more good news? What happened? No, wait, can you let me guess what it is first? I can't wait to figure it out!
ScaredMood
WAH!! O-oh it's just you? Haha, you totally snuck up on me! Not cool...
You can feel it too, right? This dread, it's like a creature's about to spring out and take us away... or something like that...
So, just out of curiosity, people aren't saying bad things about me, right? Or if they are, can you tell me so I can apologize? I feel uneasy...
Hey, you wouldn't mind staying with me for a while, would you? I can't help but feel like it's a bad idea to be alone right now...
Oh, thank goodness! You're still safe! I just... I have a bad feeling about today, ok? Don't stay out too long.
You'll stay safe today, right? Promise me that. Today, something bad is going to happen... I just don't know what yet.
Do I seem on edge? I mean, you're not wrong. I just hope it's not too obvious... I hope they can't smell my fear, whoever they are...
BusyState
Oh, nice of you to drop in, but I'm busy! Can't talk, sorry!
Ah, can I help you? I am at work right now, let's talk later!
I'm still on the clock, sorry about that!
I need to get this work done right now! We can catch up later, ok?
Hold tight for a bit, ok? I'll talk to you after work!
Sorry, but can you wait until I'm off work to chat?
It's hard to work and talk at the same time, would you mind letting me wrap up my job first? Thanks!
HurtReactions
What do you think you're doing?!
Gah! Be careful with that!
Y-you just tripped and did that by accident, right?
Hey! That hurts, knock it off!
I don't want to rough house! Leave me alone!
Please remove your fist from my personal space!
This really isn't fun for me!
LikedGifts
Oh WOW! This is just the best! How did you even KNOW I loved this kind of thing so much, huh?!  Thank you so much!
Oh my gosh, you shouldn't have! Isn't this just the sweetest thing ever?! I can't wait to show your wonderful gift off to everyone!
I LOVE it!! How can I ever repay you for a gift so wonderful?! Well, I hope my conversation is enough for now! Thank you!
Ah, I was just thinking about getting something like this! You must have read my mind! Well, if anyone can read minds, I'm glad it's you! Thanks!
Ooh! This has to be like, the second best gift I've received! Next to meeting you of course! I'm so happy!
I can't believe it! I was JUST thinking about this! You're really good at reading people, did you know that? Hmm...Too good...  Ok, what am I hinking about now?
Friend, you are just the GREATEST! I can't believe I was fortunate enough to meet someone who knows me so perfectly! Thank you!
MiddleGifts
Aw, what a nice gift! That's so sweet! Thank you!
A gift? For me?! That's so nice of you! What a caring gesture! I can tell you really value our friendship.
It's for me? Oh wow, thank you! You didn't have to, but I'm glad you did haha!
Can I just say you did a fantastic job wrapping this as well? Not only did you bring me a gift, but it's so wonderfully presented!
You really know how to make someone feel special, huh? Well, I do feel special! Thank you for taking the time to give me a gift!
Oh, what a lovely present! I really appreciate it, and hope you know how important your friendship is to me, with or without gifts!
I love surprises! Thank you so much!
DislikedGifts
I'm sorry, but I can't accept something like that!
Is this some kind of bad joke? I don't really understand it.
I appreciate the thought, but this really isn't my kind of thing! Sorry!
Oh uh... Haha, nice gag gift! You really had me going for a second there.
Oh, so I guess you want me to get rid of this for you or something? Sure thing!
Yeah... I don't really know what I'm supposed to do with this. Sorry about that.
It's real nice of you to get me a gift at all but uh... Why this?
Coworker
 is just the greatest! They always have my back, on and off work! I should introduce you two sometime!
 is such a gem, you know how many times they saved me at work? So dependable...
 just rocks! Anytime I'm stressed at work it's like they're right there to listen.
 would get along amazing with you, now that I'm thinking about it! Aw, you guys have so much in common!
 mentioned you just the other day actually! I guess you two must be meant to be... Haha, kidding! ...Unless?
 is like, super cool! Once you get to know them anyway, that is! But I think you should take a chance!
 is one of the best friends I have! ...Don't tell the others I said that though, you know they'd get jealous.
HurtCoworker
 is my friend, you know that right? Why on Earth do you think I'd want to talk to you after what you did?
 is such a sweetheart. I still can't figure out why anyone would want to hurt them like you did.
 told me already, you don't need to worry about confessing! But in case you're wondering, I am not going to forget what you did!
 and you don't get along, and that's fine. But what isn't fine is how you treated them!
 talks to me a lot, and you have been a VERY hot topic. I don't think we want you in our lives anymore.
 didn't do anything to deserve what you did to them. That's the thing that bugs me about you talking to me like this.
 and I are really tight! In fact, so tight, we don't have room for any huge jerks in our friendship. Goodbye!